README.md, before:

# elden-proton

Noob friendly Elden Ring mod loader for linux/proton/steam

![steam launch options](.github/images/launch-options.png)
![launcher ui](.github/images/ui.png)

## Usage

- Place the `elden-proton.bash` into your preferred location and mark it as executable (`chmod +x` from shell).
- Run the script once through terminal or through graphical file manager to output steam launch options.
- Set the provided launch options in steam for Elden Ring
- Launch Elden Ring from steam and customize settings to your liking

## Flatpak Steam

- Make sure that every necessary path (wherever you put `elden-proton.bash` or the folder containing your Modengine2 mods) is accessible from the flatpak
- CLI example: `flatpak override com.valvesoftware.Steam --filesystem="$HOME/dev/personal:ro"` 
- Flatseal example: Put `"$HOME/dev/personal:ro"` under Filesystem->Other files for the Steam application
- Apart from that it should work out of the box

## Features

- Run Elden Ring modded or unmodded easily
- Zenity based GUI
- Automatically manages EldenModLoader and ModEngine2-proton
- Automatically manages and downloads popular DLL mods
- Easy access to DLL mod configuration files
- Run ModEngine2 compatible mods simply by choosing the mod directory

## Modengine2 mods

Many mods in NexusMods come with ModEngine2 bundled. Simply choose any folder that contains a `config_eldenring.toml` file and you are all set.

## Env variables

- `STEAM_PATH` control where steam is located
- `ER_PATH` control where `Elden Ring/Game` is located

## Start from scratch

In your `Elden Ring/Game` location, remove the `mods` and `EldenProton` folders. 
Remove only the `EldenProton` folder if you want to reset state and re-download everything.
Note that all DLL mod settings will be reset.

Commit message:

README: add link for a fork

README.md, after:

# elden-proton

Noob friendly Elden Ring mod loader for linux/proton/steam

> [!NOTE]
> elden-proton is currently not actively maintained
> [Click here for up-to-date fork with additional features](https://github.com/VirusAlex/elden-proton)

![steam launch options](.github/images/launch-options.png)
![launcher ui](.github/images/ui.png)

## Usage

- Place the `elden-proton.bash` into your preferred location and mark it as executable (`chmod +x` from shell).
- Run the script once through terminal or through graphical file manager to output steam launch options.
- Set the provided launch options in steam for Elden Ring
- Launch Elden Ring from steam and customize settings to your liking

## Flatpak Steam

- Make sure that every necessary path (wherever you put `elden-proton.bash` or the folder containing your Modengine2 mods) is accessible from the flatpak
- CLI example: `flatpak override com.valvesoftware.Steam --filesystem="$HOME/dev/personal:ro"` 
- Flatseal example: Put `"$HOME/dev/personal:ro"` under Filesystem->Other files for the Steam application
- Apart from that it should work out of the box

## Features

- Run Elden Ring modded or unmodded easily
- Zenity based GUI
- Automatically manages EldenModLoader and ModEngine2-proton
- Automatically manages and downloads popular DLL mods
- Easy access to DLL mod configuration files
- Run ModEngine2 compatible mods simply by choosing the mod directory

## Modengine2 mods

Many mods in NexusMods come with ModEngine2 bundled. Simply choose any folder that contains a `config_eldenring.toml` file and you are all set.

## Env variables

- `STEAM_PATH` control where steam is located
- `ER_PATH` control where `Elden Ring/Game` is located

## Start from scratch

In your `Elden Ring/Game` location, remove the `mods` and `EldenProton` folders. 
Remove only the `EldenProton` folder if you want to reset state and re-download everything.
Note that all DLL mod settings will be reset.
